1): either were-wolf or vampire. (_Mem._, I must ask the Count about these
2): all in a night. One of those big bats that they call vampires had got at
3): there from a vampire. These things do occur, you know. Only ten days ago
4): some dual life that is not as the common. She was bitten by the vampire
5): his arm to designate what to a vampire was "home"--"their face show what
6):      his instinct is satisfied as to the vampire's ultimate triumph?
7): "There are such beings as vampires; some of us have evidence that they
8): stronger, have yet more power to work evil. This vampire which is
9): denied to the vampire kind; we have sources of science; we are free to
10): limitations of the vampire in general, and of this one in particular.
11): superstition--are everything. Does not the belief in vampires rest for
12): vampire, and the belief in his limitations and his cure, rest for the
13): experience. The vampire live on, and cannot die by mere passing of the
14): "Jonathan is in a stupor such as we know the Vampire can produce. We can
15): connected with death, and vampires; with blood, and pain, and trouble."
16): vampire in the end, then she shall not go into that unknown and terrible
17): land alone. I suppose it is thus that in old times one vampire meant
18): John's home; for your Vampire, though in all afterwards he can come when
19): coming for action; to-day this Vampire is limit to the powers of man,
20): of the Vampire, and assured Mrs. Harker that she might rest in peace.
21): Vampire's baptism of blood." Well, there may be a poison that distils
22): can see the characteristics of the vampire coming in her face. It is now
23): the ... the ... Vampire. (Why did I hesitate to write the word?) He was
24): Have you felt the Vampire's lips upon your throat?" Here he turned to
25): she is with that Vampire baptism. "Well," said I to myself, "if it be
26): Vampire in that Holy circle; and yet even there would be the wolf! I
27): the grave of the Vampire! So I make my choice to go on with my work.
28): Vampire sleep, so full of life and voluptuous beauty that I shudder as
29): come, and the Vampire sleep be over. Then the beautiful eyes of the fair
30): kiss--and man is weak. And there remain one more victim in the Vampire
31): This then was the Un-Dead home of the King-Vampire, to whom so many more
32): fresh horror of that ruddy vampire sleep.
